well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about walls and legacies on August 13th
1961 when the Berlin Wall went up it
almost immediately became seen as a
symbol of oppression it divided a city
it divided a country divided the world
in a lot of ways that wall separated
much much more than just breaking West
Berlin off from the rest of East Germany
and creating that little Enclave it
became oppression physically manifested
and it stood and it carried that image
until 1989 when he came down home the
question we have to ask is whether or
not the wall on the southern border
Trump's wall whether or not that's going
to have that same legacy it's hard to
guess how history is going to record
something I don't believe Trump's wall
will have that image I don't believe the
southern Iron Curtain is going to carry
the same weight as the Berlin wall not
because it's any less evil but because
our hearts have grown harder and other
things have become more important money
money has become more important than
morality in a lot of ways and how we
judge things what do we know about the
wall I mean the parts that have been
built we know they're using knees to cut
through them we know they're going onto
them we know that they've blown down we
know they're just scale
we just found out they're taking rebar
making ladders and hooking them to the
top using it to climb over dropping
another one on the other side going down
and that they're leaving the ladders in
place because the rebar matches the
texture and color of the wall so Porter
Patrol has a hard time spotting it and
yeah that shows how easily the wall is
defeated but there's something that
people aren't catching the wall is not
built yet the wall is not built yet if
you want a good gauge of how easily the
wall is defeated understand they're
choosing to go to the wall they don't
have to they're choosing to go to the
wall because it's easier to use the wall
than it is to go around it
that's a that that's bad sign
when you're talking about the
effectiveness of a fortification when
the opposition is choosing that route it
means that it is completely ineffective
in this case it may actually be aiding
them because what they have realized is
that once they used the resep saw to cut
through they put the piece back so
there's just a really easy hole to get
in and out of as long as you remember
where you put it because more Patrol
can't see it because of how the wall is
made so I don't see this wall being
recorded as a great symbol of oppression
I think it's going to be recorded as a
massive symbol of incompetence Trump's
legacy and what he wanted
that giant vanity wall that thing that
would be forever associated with him
oddly enough I think it's going to be
like the rest of his reputation
it will be a symbol of massive fiscal
irresponsibility this thing cost
billions and is so bad at doing what
it's designed to do people are choosing
to go to it to get through anyway it's
just a thought I have a good night